Add term entry kotlin datetime method todayin 3866 (#3938)
Codecademy/docs: content/kotlin/concepts/datetime/terms/todayIn/todayIn.md

Description: 'Passing a specific time zone as an argument and calling this method on an instant value of Clock will return the current date without time.' # Required; ideally under 150 characters and starts with a present-tense verb (used in search engine results and content previews)
Subjects: # Please only use Subjects in the subjects.md file (https://github.com/Codecademy/docs/blob/main/documentation/subjects.md). If that list feels insufficient, feel free to create a new Subject and add it to subjects.md in your PR!
  - 'Computer Science'
  - 'Code Foundations'
Tags: # Please only use Tags in the tags.md file (https://github.com/Codecademy/docs/blob/main/documentation/tags.md). If that list feels insufficient, feel free to create a new Tag and add it to tags.md in your PR!
  - 'Methods'
  - 'Date'
  - 'Kotlin'
CatalogContent: # Please use course/path landing page slugs, rather than linking to individual content items. If listing multiple items, please put the most relevant one first
  - 'learn-kotlin'
  - 'paths/computer-science'

> ---

Reviewer: Remove the comments from the metadata as those comments are only for your convenience.

Author: Fixed.

The **`.todayIn()`** method takes a `TimeZone` argument, and when called on an instant value of `Clock`, it returns a local date without time.

## Syntax

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
Remove the extra space between the lines.

Author: Fixed.

```
Clock.todayIn(timeZone: TimeZone)

> ```

Reviewer: Please go through the [style guide](https://github.com/Codecademy/docs/blob/main/documentation/style-guide.md) and format the code blocks and syntax as mentioned.

Author: I reviewed the style guide and made the necessary corrections to the todayIn.md file.

The `.todayIn()` method will use an instant value from `Clock` and a time `TimeZone` argument to return a date in a YYYY-MM-DD format.
## Example

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Author: Fixed.

```
fun main() {
    // Clock.System and TimeZone.currentSystemDefault() queries the operating system time and time zone, respectively.
    val myVar = Clock.System.todayIn(timeZone = TimeZone.currentSystemDefault())

    println(myVar)
    // Output: YYYY-MM-DD

}

> ```

Reviewer: The same goes for this code, go through the style guide and format this code block correctly. Display the output in a different code block, you can use the shell for it.

Author: Fixed.

---
Title: '.todayIn()'

> Description: 'Passing a specific time zone as an argument and calling this method on an Instant value of Clock will return a date.'

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Description: 'Returns a date when calling this method on a Clock with a specific time zone as an argument.'
```

Subjects:
  - 'Computer Science'
  - 'Code Foundations'
Tags:
  - 'Methods'
  - 'Date'
  - 'Kotlin'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-kotlin'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

> The **`.todayIn()`** method returns a date when called on an Instant value of `Clock` while passing a `TimeZone` argument.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The **`.todayIn()`** method returns a date when called on a `Clock` while passing a `TimeZone` argument.
```
A clock isn't an instant value, it is a source of instant values.

## Syntax

```pseudo

> Clock.System.todayIn(timeZone: TimeZone.currentSystemDefault())

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
myClock.todayIn(myTimeZone)
```
The Syntax example needs to be more generic.  (It can be any Clock and any TimeZone)

```

> - `Clock.System`: records a moment in time, also known as an Instant (e.g., 2023-11-21, 00:00:00 UTC+0). Two possible ways to get an Instant are by using `Clock.now` or `Clock.System`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `myClock`: is a Clock providing a source for Instants (e.g., 2023-11-21, 00:00:00 UTC+0). `Clock.System` is the Clock that refers to the current platform for the current time.
```

> - `TimeZone.currentSystemDefault()`: pulls and records an instance of the current system time zone (e.g., America/Los_Angeles).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `myTimeZone`: An instance of the TimeZone class. (e.g., America/Los_Angeles).
```

## Example

> 

Reviewer 2: There should be an introductory sentence summarizing what the example is doing.

```kotlin
// Import all classes from kotlinx.datetime package.
import kotlinx.datetime.* 

fun main() {
  val myLocalDate = Clock.System.todayIn(timeZone = TimeZone.currentSystemDefault())
  println(myLocalDate)
}
```

> This example results in the following output:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This example results in something like the following output:
```
The code as written will not always return the same date.

---
Title: '.todayIn()'
Description: 'Passing a specific time zone as an argument and calling this method on an Instant value of Clock will return a date.'
Subjects:
  - 'Computer Science'
  - 'Code Foundations'
Tags:
  - 'Methods'
  - 'Date'
  - 'Kotlin'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-kotlin'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

The **`.todayIn()`** method returns a date when called on an Instant value of `Clock` while passing a `TimeZone` argument.

> ## Syntaxx

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Syntax
```

```pseudo
Clock.System.todayIn(timeZone: TimeZone.currentSystemDefault())
```

- `Clock.System`: records a moment in time, also known as an Instant (e.g., 2023-11-21, 00:00:00 UTC+0). Two possible ways to get an Instant are by using `Clock.now` or `Clock.System`.
- `TimeZone.currentSystemDefault()`: pulls and records an instance of the current system time zone (e.g., America/Los_Angeles).

> - The return value is a date in the following format YYYY-MM-DD (e.g., 2023-11-21)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

---
Title: '.todayIn()'
Description: 'Passing a specific time zone as an argument and calling this method on an Instant value of Clock will return a date.'
Subjects:
  - 'Computer Science'
  - 'Code Foundations'
Tags:
  - 'Methods'
  - 'Date'
  - 'Kotlin'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-kotlin'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

The **`.todayIn()`** method returns a date when called on an Instant value of `Clock` while passing a `TimeZone` argument.

## Syntaxx

```pseudo
Clock.System.todayIn(timeZone: TimeZone.currentSystemDefault())
```

- `Clock.System`: records a moment in time, also known as an Instant (e.g., 2023-11-21, 00:00:00 UTC+0). Two possible ways to get an Instant are by using `Clock.now` or `Clock.System`.
- `TimeZone.currentSystemDefault()`: pulls and records an instance of the current system time zone (e.g., America/Los_Angeles).
- The return value is a date in the following format YYYY-MM-DD (e.g., 2023-11-21)

## Example

```kotlin
// Import all classes from kotlinx.datetime package.

> import kotlinx.datetime.* 
> 
> fun main() {
>   val myLocalDate = Clock.System.todayIn(timeZone = TimeZone.currentSystemDefault())
> 
>   println(myLocalDate)
> }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
import kotlinx.datetime.* 

fun main() {
  val myLocalDate = Clock.System.todayIn(timeZone = TimeZone.currentSystemDefault())
  println(myLocalDate)
}
```

Author: Removed blank line 41.
